and it's trivia about goten and trunks
number 1 in the timeline of
trunks of the future not notice does not exist
because goku dies of a
heart disease before arrival
of the androids since it was conceived
shortly before the cell number games
2 so far has never been reached
truly know who it came to be
stronger between the liter nqs number 312
nor trunks could have been the
most powerful warriors in the universe
of dragon ball z since both exceeded
to his parents in many ways during
his childhood but for a strange reason
both stopped training seriously and
they became average warriors
number 4 noten at first was
created by toriyama to replace
goku so that and goian will take the
role of main protagonist in the
series however the fans
they rejected the idea that boko was
replaced number 5 at the end of
lake ball z noten takes a haircut
new that looks more like his brother
goian since he has the same long hair
messy that goian when he was young
Akira did this so do not confuse
with his father goku but as we have seen
that several dragon things
z were changed into dragon ball super
maybe we can see it with the same cut
that goku or even a more different one
number 6 your friendship with trunks is the
reincarnation of goku friendship and
jim when they were kids number 7 trunks is
the only sayayin of the series that does not
has black hair or
chestnut this is because the character
akira's least favorite is vegeta and
I wanted to hurt his pride knowing that the
bulma genes were superior to those
of the number 8 in the special the two
warriors of the future trong becomes
in super sayayin to see goián dead
but in the manga he could already
transform into super sayayin before
that the androids will kill goian number
9 Tron's favorite food is
grilled meat and he likes it very much
attend the car racing number
unlike the trunk of the future this
trunk is somewhat cowardly and spoiled by
his upbringing in the peace period of the
land and living in a rich family
good friends those were all
curiosities about goten and trunks that
I could find out do not forget to give it and
subscribe to the channel thanks for watching the
video
we see until the next goodbye